README.md, before:


# Leetcode Rust

## Problems

| # | Title | Command |
| - | ----- | ------- |
| 1 | [two sum](src/bin/1-two-sum.rs) | `cargo run --bin 1-two-sum` |
| 2 | [add two numbers](src/bin/2-add-two-numbers.rs) | `cargo run --bin 2-add-two-numbers` |
| 3 | [longest substring without repeating characters](src/bin/3-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters.rs) | `cargo run --bin 3-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters` |
| 7 | [reverse integer](src/bin/7-reverse-integer.rs) | `cargo run --bin 7-reverse-integer` |
| 9 | [palindrome number](src/bin/9-palindrome-number.rs) | `cargo run --bin 9-palindrome-number` |
| 13 | [roman to integer](src/bin/13-roman-to-integer.rs) | `cargo run --bin 13-roman-to-integer` |
| 14 | [longest common prefix](src/bin/14-longest-common-prefix.rs) | `cargo run --bin 14-longest-common-prefix` |
| 17 | [letter combinations of a phone number](src/bin/17-letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number.rs) | `cargo run --bin 17-letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number` |
| 20 | [valid parentheses](src/bin/20-valid-parentheses.rs) | `cargo run --bin 20-valid-parentheses` |
| 21 | [merge two sorted lists](src/bin/21-merge-two-sorted-lists.rs) | `cargo run --bin 21-merge-two-sorted-lists` |
| 27 | [remove element](src/bin/27-remove-element.rs) | `cargo run --bin 27-remove-element` |
| 28 | [implement strstr](src/bin/28-implement-strstr.rs) | `cargo run --bin 28-implement-strstr` |
| 35 | [search insert position](src/bin/35-search-insert-position.rs) | `cargo run --bin 35-search-insert-position` |
| 36 | [valid sudoku](src/bin/36-valid-sudoku.rs) | `cargo run --bin 36-valid-sudoku` |
| 38 | [count and say](src/bin/38-count-and-say.rs) | `cargo run --bin 38-count-and-say` |
| 42 | [trapping rain water](src/bin/42-trapping-rain-water.rs) | `cargo run --bin 42-trapping-rain-water` |
| 48 | [rotate image](src/bin/48-rotate-image.rs) | `cargo run --bin 48-rotate-image` |
| 50 | [powx n](src/bin/50-powx-n.rs) | `cargo run --bin 50-powx-n` |
| 53 | [maximum subarray](src/bin/53-maximum-subarray.rs) | `cargo run --bin 53-maximum-subarray` |
| 58 | [length of last word](src/bin/58-length-of-last-word.rs) | `cargo run --bin 58-length-of-last-word` |
| 60 | [permutation sequence](src/bin/60-permutation-sequence.rs) | `cargo run --bin 60-permutation-sequence` |
| 66 | [plus one](src/bin/66-plus-one.rs) | `cargo run --bin 66-plus-one` |
| 67 | [add binary](src/bin/67-add-binary.rs) | `cargo run --bin 67-add-binary` |
| 69 | [sqrtx](src/bin/69-sqrtx.rs) | `cargo run --bin 69-sqrtx` |
| 70 | [climbing stairs](src/bin/70-climbing-stairs.rs) | `cargo run --bin 70-climbing-stairs` |
| 73 | [set matrix zeroes](src/bin/73-set-matrix-zeroes.rs) | `cargo run --bin 73-set-matrix-zeroes` |
| 83 | [remove duplicates from sorted list](src/bin/83-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list.rs) | `cargo run --bin 83-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list` |
| 88 | [merge sorted array](src/bin/88-merge-sorted-array.rs) | `cargo run --bin 88-merge-sorted-array` |
| 100 | [same tree](src/bin/100-same-tree.rs) | `cargo run --bin 100-same-tree` |
| 101 | [symmetric tree](src/bin/101-symmetric-tree.rs) | `cargo run --bin 101-symmetric-tree` |
| 134 | [gas station](src/bin/134-gas-station.rs) | `cargo run --bin 134-gas-station` |
| 135 | [candy](src/bin/135-candy.rs) | `cargo run --bin 135-candy` |
| 169 | [majority element](src/bin/169-majority-element.rs) | `cargo run --bin 169-majority-element` |
| 189 | [rotate array](src/bin/189-rotate-array.rs) | `cargo run --bin 189-rotate-array` |
| 200 | [contains duplicate iii](src/bin/200-contains-duplicate-iii.rs) | `cargo run --bin 200-contains-duplicate-iii` |
| 206 | [reverse linked list](src/bin/206-reverse-linked-list.rs) | `cargo run --bin 206-reverse-linked-list` |
| 217 | [contains duplicate](src/bin/217-contains-duplicate.rs) | `cargo run --bin 217-contains-duplicate` |
| 219 | [contains duplicate ii](src/bin/219-contains-duplicate-ii.rs) | `cargo run --bin 219-contains-duplicate-ii` |
| 238 | [product of array except self](src/bin/238-product-of-array-except-self.rs) | `cargo run --bin 238-product-of-array-except-self` |
| 289 | [game of life](src/bin/289-game-of-life.rs) | `cargo run --bin 289-game-of-life` |
| 334 | [increasing triplet subsequence](src/bin/334-increasing-triplet-subsequence.rs) | `cargo run --bin 334-increasing-triplet-subsequence` |
| 1480 | [running sum of 1d array](src/bin/1480-running-sum-of-1d-array.rs) | `cargo run --bin 1480-running-sum-of-1d-array` |

Commit message:

feat: add tree utils, add 104

README.md, after:


# Leetcode Rust

## Problems

| # | Title | Command |
| - | ----- | ------- |
| 1 | [two sum](src/bin/1-two-sum.rs) | `cargo run --bin 1-two-sum` |
| 2 | [add two numbers](src/bin/2-add-two-numbers.rs) | `cargo run --bin 2-add-two-numbers` |
| 3 | [longest substring without repeating characters](src/bin/3-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters.rs) | `cargo run --bin 3-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters` |
| 7 | [reverse integer](src/bin/7-reverse-integer.rs) | `cargo run --bin 7-reverse-integer` |
| 9 | [palindrome number](src/bin/9-palindrome-number.rs) | `cargo run --bin 9-palindrome-number` |
| 13 | [roman to integer](src/bin/13-roman-to-integer.rs) | `cargo run --bin 13-roman-to-integer` |
| 14 | [longest common prefix](src/bin/14-longest-common-prefix.rs) | `cargo run --bin 14-longest-common-prefix` |
| 17 | [letter combinations of a phone number](src/bin/17-letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number.rs) | `cargo run --bin 17-letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number` |
| 20 | [valid parentheses](src/bin/20-valid-parentheses.rs) | `cargo run --bin 20-valid-parentheses` |
| 21 | [merge two sorted lists](src/bin/21-merge-two-sorted-lists.rs) | `cargo run --bin 21-merge-two-sorted-lists` |
| 27 | [remove element](src/bin/27-remove-element.rs) | `cargo run --bin 27-remove-element` |
| 28 | [implement strstr](src/bin/28-implement-strstr.rs) | `cargo run --bin 28-implement-strstr` |
| 35 | [search insert position](src/bin/35-search-insert-position.rs) | `cargo run --bin 35-search-insert-position` |
| 36 | [valid sudoku](src/bin/36-valid-sudoku.rs) | `cargo run --bin 36-valid-sudoku` |
| 38 | [count and say](src/bin/38-count-and-say.rs) | `cargo run --bin 38-count-and-say` |
| 42 | [trapping rain water](src/bin/42-trapping-rain-water.rs) | `cargo run --bin 42-trapping-rain-water` |
| 48 | [rotate image](src/bin/48-rotate-image.rs) | `cargo run --bin 48-rotate-image` |
| 50 | [powx n](src/bin/50-powx-n.rs) | `cargo run --bin 50-powx-n` |
| 53 | [maximum subarray](src/bin/53-maximum-subarray.rs) | `cargo run --bin 53-maximum-subarray` |
| 58 | [length of last word](src/bin/58-length-of-last-word.rs) | `cargo run --bin 58-length-of-last-word` |
| 60 | [permutation sequence](src/bin/60-permutation-sequence.rs) | `cargo run --bin 60-permutation-sequence` |
| 66 | [plus one](src/bin/66-plus-one.rs) | `cargo run --bin 66-plus-one` |
| 67 | [add binary](src/bin/67-add-binary.rs) | `cargo run --bin 67-add-binary` |
| 69 | [sqrtx](src/bin/69-sqrtx.rs) | `cargo run --bin 69-sqrtx` |
| 70 | [climbing stairs](src/bin/70-climbing-stairs.rs) | `cargo run --bin 70-climbing-stairs` |
| 73 | [set matrix zeroes](src/bin/73-set-matrix-zeroes.rs) | `cargo run --bin 73-set-matrix-zeroes` |
| 83 | [remove duplicates from sorted list](src/bin/83-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list.rs) | `cargo run --bin 83-remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list` |
| 88 | [merge sorted array](src/bin/88-merge-sorted-array.rs) | `cargo run --bin 88-merge-sorted-array` |
| 100 | [same tree](src/bin/100-same-tree.rs) | `cargo run --bin 100-same-tree` |
| 101 | [symmetric tree](src/bin/101-symmetric-tree.rs) | `cargo run --bin 101-symmetric-tree` |
| 134 | [gas station](src/bin/134-gas-station.rs) | `cargo run --bin 134-gas-station` |
| 135 | [candy](src/bin/135-candy.rs) | `cargo run --bin 135-candy` |
| 140 | [maximum depth of binary tree](src/bin/140-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree.rs) | `cargo run --bin 140-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree` |
| 169 | [majority element](src/bin/169-majority-element.rs) | `cargo run --bin 169-majority-element` |
| 189 | [rotate array](src/bin/189-rotate-array.rs) | `cargo run --bin 189-rotate-array` |
| 200 | [contains duplicate iii](src/bin/200-contains-duplicate-iii.rs) | `cargo run --bin 200-contains-duplicate-iii` |
| 206 | [reverse linked list](src/bin/206-reverse-linked-list.rs) | `cargo run --bin 206-reverse-linked-list` |
| 217 | [contains duplicate](src/bin/217-contains-duplicate.rs) | `cargo run --bin 217-contains-duplicate` |
| 219 | [contains duplicate ii](src/bin/219-contains-duplicate-ii.rs) | `cargo run --bin 219-contains-duplicate-ii` |
| 238 | [product of array except self](src/bin/238-product-of-array-except-self.rs) | `cargo run --bin 238-product-of-array-except-self` |
| 289 | [game of life](src/bin/289-game-of-life.rs) | `cargo run --bin 289-game-of-life` |
| 334 | [increasing triplet subsequence](src/bin/334-increasing-triplet-subsequence.rs) | `cargo run --bin 334-increasing-triplet-subsequence` |
| 1480 | [running sum of 1d array](src/bin/1480-running-sum-of-1d-array.rs) | `cargo run --bin 1480-running-sum-of-1d-array` |
